[Applause]
hi guys here to the speaker
and today we are in a new tutorial here
I wanted to communicate that this is mine
brand new channel where to put
ie gameplay that tutorial
unfortunately I received two reports
on another channel klaus tutorial e
so for two weeks I will have to stay
then I will let you know more
in short, on the other channel for
make you aware of this
brand new channel and without getting lost in
chat we start immediately with the
demonstration, however, the download
the tutorial on how to download minecraft
1.7 point 8 so first of all
we click on the first link in the
description that will take us to a link on
dropbox clear on download and the file is of
1.1 megabytes so it really will be
very little time so let's go to
April I have already downloaded it everywhere
yes you will have
another let's say another version of the
kinect launcher which would be spv
in short, this screen will succeed
you click ok update as you want
update go to live the version of
which in the launch or ok will continue
however, it is the game once
open where you
decide precisely the user name click
on play
once here you can decide anyway
your version in this case the
1.78 then click on youtube action e
decide the reiss and finally click on
save profile play and it will start a
load if it is the first time precisely that
charge don't worry if it takes
so much so
they've seen me in so many
people just this problem if there
very much so it was put
waiting there for half an hour try
restarting your computer anyway
you can see that if we go on the
all the multiplayer are there
server this is the e server i had
tried I had tried to create in short
however you can see that if we go
on the serious single player kate new world
op
here we can choose creative and here
I don't know there is stone john waite new world
and you can see that it will create the
brand new world of minecraft of power
to play safely with ours
fantastic
minecraft just wanted to tell a
communicate that a is coming to me
brand new microphone then
the sound quality will be better
in short, therefore I have to wait a moment
here ok ok so the audio quality
it will be better and they are coming
also a brand new keyboard and mouse
so everything is ready for gameplay
so expect lots of videos
share the video launch secular
sign up for the next video
tutorials or gameplay and make requests for
regarding the gameplay series
everything you get for the next one
video